Add Cloud MCP url to URL allowlist (#6555)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/partials/_url_allowlist.mdx

- `https://download.cypress.io` - **CDN download of Cypress binary**
- `https://on.cypress.io` - **URL shortener for link redirects**

> **If you have enabled Cloud MCP] for your organization, you will want to enable:**

Reviewer: Bad link here? Orphaned `]`

Reviewer: Also, should probably use "allow" instead of "enable" to match other sections

Author: @mike-plummer 🤦🏻

> **If you have enabled Cloud MCP] for your organization, you will want to enable:**

Author: ```suggestion
**If you have enabled Cloud MCP for your organization, you will want to allow it:**
```
